remove temporary exemption (#3765)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/android/android_13.md

This new permission follows a similar pattern to iOS and Web push, where you only have one attempt to obtain permission. If a user chooses `Don't Allow` or dismisses the prompt, your app cannot ask for permission again.

> Note that apps are granted an [exemption][4] for users who previously had push notifications enabled prior to updating to Android 13. These users [will remain eligible][8] to receive push when they update to Android 13 without requiring permission.

Reviewer: Pedantic nit: "without requiring to request permission".  Saying "without requiring permission" implies you don't have permission.  My guess if they have the permission granted.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that apps are granted an [exemption][4] for users who previously had push notifications enabled prior to updating to Android 13. These users [will remain eligible][8] to receive push when they update to Android 13 without having to request permission.
```
